CPU.cs
------
Error 01, could not process instruction
Error 02, Cannot store values to a direct address.
Error 03, Could not find the label in array, please see the troubleshooting section of the user manual.
Error 04, No character input (GETCHAR)
Error 05, Integer is not within the correct bounds (GETINT)
Error 06, No character input (GETINT)
Error 07, Could not convert operand or accumulator to an integer. (CMP)
Error 08, The DEFB instruction requires a Label for it to link to a RAM address. Do not use a Label that you may use for Jump instructions.
Error 09, The label you tried to jump to does not exist.
Error 10, The Jump instruction requires an operand of the label to jump to.
Error 11, Could not find symbolic link in array, please contact the publisher of this program for assistance.
Error 12, Memory address out of bounds
Error 13, Badly formed operand


InstructionView.cs
------------------
Error 14, Please select where you would like to enter the instruction.


Main.cs
-------
Error 15, Could not find application resource Instructions.dat
Error 16, You have not written a program to run yet. Use the boxes on the left hand side to write a program and then execute it.
Error 17, Due to errors in the program instructions, the program could not continue. Please consult the documentation for help or seek help on writing assembly language programs from a teacher or the internet. (GENERAL)
Error 18, Could not add instruction at that place. Check it is possible
Error 19, Please select a line to delete
Error 20, Malformed memory value
Error 21, One or more of your labels has exceeded the maximum length of 20 characters. To continue saving it has been shortened automatically.
Error 22, No path was selected, the file was not saved.
Error 23, The file you attempted to load was invalid.
